#### I do not own any of the text, images or videos used in this project, Images were sourced from unsplash.com and videos were sourced from youtube. Text was generated by chatgpt. They are used purely as a portfolio piece.

#### Link to Render Site [click here]()
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

#### Link to GithubRepo [click here]()
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

# Flask Project for NexusGamingHub (NGH)
## Goal of project
### To allow newcomers to get the latest gaming information and browse the merch store. Allow veteran players to see latest on esports leagues and rankings.


# Creating Virtual Environment
## create virtual environment by using the:
`python3 -m venv name_of_environment`
## Activate the environment using the:
`source name_of_environemnt/bin/activate`
## then install packages as required.
`e.g. pip install flask`
will install the flask package and its other dependencies.

## Feature 1
#### --- LightMode ---
Users can switch from Darkmode to LightMode by clicking on the icon.

## Feature 2
#### --- Form Validation ---
Contact form has validation on the input fields. Some fields only allow text, some allow only numbers, some require certain length and specific characters (email address with @ format correct email ending e.g. gmail)

## Feature 3
#### --- Text Animation  ---
Postgres Database integration for user login/singup and store inventory.

## Feature 4
#### -- Login/Signup ---
The user can login and signup(partially complete) using the login and signup forms. As this project doesn't require a database I am using a json file to add and retrieve the data, in order to verify the login credentials and add a new user to the json file via the signup functionality.
